
NCL-CDG-BOG-CDG-NC.L Decent fare during Air France sale, and added benefit of avoiding overnight stay in MAD, or transit
through PTY with KLM. A little apprehensive after reading a few past reviews. Air France treat you excellently in Affaires,
and it does feel a little like business class used to be - something special. Short hop from Newcastle on time - nice
breakfast served and CityJet crew couldn't have been nicer. We'd been warned about transit at CDG, with most saying that 90
mins 'wasn't nearly enough' to make the connection. Arrived and left out of 2E, which is clean and modern, with easy signage.
The flight connections centre has lots of screens detailing the departure gate of your next flight. With Sky Priority
everything, we were through security in 3 minutes and in the lounge at 2E within 20 mins of landing (you don't need to clear
passport control as UK is outside Shengen anyway). Lounge at CDG nice, although slight absence of food, but we weren't hungry
as had just been fed. Boarding onto Airbus A340 with Sky Priority was pain free. Welcomed on board by charming and good-
humoured crew. Despite the age of these aircraft, the cabin looked and felt new. The seats were very comfortable, and nearly
full flat - just off 180 degrees horizontal. I'm 6ft and had no issues getting a great 4 hours sleep. Food-wise, we were
welcomed with champagne and juice. Shortly after our on-time take off, menus were brought round. The amuse-bouche followed
(more champagne), cold salmon starter, choice for 4 mains, cheese, desserts, and digestifs. A buffet was set up at the rear
of the cabin, and crew were on hand if you needed anything. There was an Express option of meals if you wanted it. The only
minor gripe I had was that there are only 2 toilets in business class cabin. In Bogota, bags off in 10 minutes. Return trip
much the same - Air France uses the LAN lounge which was excellent. Crew couldn't have been better and inflight services were
all excellent. The IFE doesn't have the range of Emirates but had enough recent films/TV to keep me going. I prefer the
personalised service at AF over robotic EK crew. While I can get by in basic French (which was appreciated by staff) my
travel partner was English speaking and was treated equally well. I'd recommend AF business to anyone for a long haul trip,
and CDG was a dream to transit through (although may be a different story in economy).
